school of Life .
Karina Bakhtadze pumpkin is it time to sing
anthem
reddish vegetable in the world revered pumpkin on
over the millennia in the multitude
countries no vegetable on earth is
given so much attention in ancient China
in the big pumpkin dome of newborns
here it has become a symbol of longevity in
christian pumpkin associated with resurrection
the awakening of creative powers in india and
Today is held bright and cheerful
holi holiday thousands of people take
participation in folk festivals
dance competitions and wit
the feast begins with unchanged ritual
the most honored guest cuts a huge
pumpkin symbolizing creativity here and
creation why then after a millennium and
continents walks along the trail
this ginger vegetable yes because people
have long known
if the house has a pumpkin family is not threatened
hunger
that she is delicious nutritionally yes besides
not only feeds but also treats from the set
diseases and and juice especially mixed with
rose oil soothes ear pain
useful also in inflammation of the brain faces
and throat diseases so if the doctor
will prescribe in addition to or even instead
drugs this magnificent vegetable boldly
follow the advice of such a doctor in childhood
prices for all the flesh
seeds of flowers and leaves in the pulp of pumpkin
a lot of valuable for the body of children
vitamin d which strengthens
livelihoods and accelerates the growth of children
in tick a lot of salts of iron and phosphorus
which is necessary for blood formation
its use is recommended as
prevention of anemia and atherosclerosis
pumpkin
real calcium minerals pantry
potassium phosphorus iron and copper
fluorine zinc in it is a lot of carotene vitamins
groups bc and others are positive
intestine-affecting boldly inject pumpkin
in your diet is a low-calorie vegetable
observe
if necessary pumpkin diet let
on your table as often as possible this guest
nastya
redheaded sorceress of health to you and
enjoy your meal
Karina Bakhtadze pumpkin is it time to spigen
red vegetable
school of Life .